Added RFC and JCo warning (#1630)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/guides/5.0-upgrade-steps.mdx

Starting with version 5.0.0 the SAP Cloud SDK requires a Java version of at least 17.
:::

> :::warning RFC, JCo and WAR Deployment
> `RFC` and `JCo` modules, and, WAR Deployment are **not yet supported**.
> They will only be available after the release of SAP Java Buildpack 2.
> For now, only SAP Cloud SDK version 4 supports `RFC`, `JCo` and WAR Deployment.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: > `RFC` and `JCo` modules

There is no "`JCo`" module in the Cloud SDK.

> WAR Deployment are **not yet supported**

That's actually not correct. You can still use `war` deployment as long as you are **NOT** using the SAP Java Buildpack.

---

Personally, I think the following is more accurate:

```suggestion
:::warning WAR Deployment

`war` deployment in combination with the **SAP Java Buildpack** is currently **not supported**.
As a consequence, we are **not releasing** our [`rfc` artifact](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana/rfc) with the SAP Cloud SDK for Java in version 5 at the moment. <br />
Consumers that need to use the RFC functionality (e.g. JCo) are requested to **stay on version 4** for now.

:::

```

Author: Do we need to update both these warnings as well?
- https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/docs-java/features/bapi-and-rfc/overview.mdx#L21
- https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/docs-java/guides/spring-boot-war-deployment.mdx#L21

Reviewer: @CharlesDuboisSAP 

Good catches. Yes, I'd also update these two warnings.

Reviewer 2: [This section](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/java/guides/manage-dependencies#notes-on-the-sap-java-buildpack) is also completely outdated. I guess we can just comment out most of it (then we don't need to re-write everything later) and only have the warning.

Author: @MatKuhr I don't see what is Spring Boot 2 only in the war deployment article

Reviewer 2: Spring Boot 3 -> Jakarta APIs -> doesn't work with SJB which is required for JCo which is why this article exists in the first place 😉 

Potentially this could work when not using the SJB, but we never tested that and again, then you can't use JCo...

Author: The warning will suffice, you can still access a page not in the sidebar anyway.

Starting with version 5.0.0 the SAP Cloud SDK requires a Java version of at least 17.
:::

:::warning WAR Deployment
`war` deployment in combination with the **SAP Java Buildpack** is currently **not supported**.
As a consequence, we are **not releasing** our [`rfc` artifact](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana/rfc) with the SAP Cloud SDK for Java in version 5 at the moment. <br />

> Support will come after the release of the upcoming SAP Java Buildpack 2.X<br />

Reviewer 2: Maybe soften this a bit to "is planned to" or "is expected to"? @jjtang1985 WDY think?
